£15.49
 CONGRATULATIONS HUMAN! 

Apologies for the brief agony while we harvested your mind. But now your thought patterns are safely encased in this sleek, shiny robot!

WITH A LASER SWORD.

SURVIVE AND PERHAPS YOU WILL EARN UPGRADES.


GOOD LUCK IN THE ARENA.
We hope you survive longer than the last contestant...


Oh, and the one before that...

Singleplayer Game Modes
Story Mode - One part epic tale of human defiance, another part laser swords.
Endless Mode - Challenge yourself to fight through 86 level variants spread across 7 difficulty tiers. Can you make it to TITANIUM ?
Twitch Mode - TWITCH PLAYS YOU. Your Twitch stream viewers earn coins, bet on your gameplay and spawn enemies to kill you.
Challenge Mode - Bow-only, hammer-only, can you still survive the arena?
Multiplayer Game Modes
Last Bot Standing - A Battle-Royale-like game mode with short, 5-10 minute play sessions and up to 15 players. Survive, and shower in the remains of your fellow robot competitors.
Private Duels - Challenge your friend to a 1v1 duel!
Online Co-op! - Use the power of human friendship (and laser swords!) to survive in the arena!

Features (in the game right now!)
Epic Voxel Dismemberment: In addition to looking cool, the ability to cut off body parts is central to the gameplay. Jumping on one leg is a common occurrence. Large enemies need to be cut down to size before a fatal blow can be delivered.
Sharp Sword Combat: Combat is fast and intense, putting great emphasis on movement, timing and positioning. You are never safe, as any blow can instantly kill or dismember.
Entertaining Commentary: Commentatron and Analysis-Bot provide a play-by-play of your performance and react to your activities.
Upgrade your robot: jetpack, bow, kicking, deflection, clones, armor, FIRE BREATH .
Terrifying robotic enemies that actually get pretty hard! Sword robots, bow robots, Spidertron 5000, Spidertron 6000, gigantic hammer bots. So many things to dismember.
Level Editor: Make custom levels and challenges and share them with other humans! Explore the rich Workshop library of awesome human-built levels!
Achievements! Unlock upgrades, emotes and multiplayer skins by achieving a rich variety of things!
Emotes! Do the Funky Pillar Dance, mock your foes, or flap your arms delightfully!